hello guys what's up welcome to the text
when people today we will be
distributing the device calvin party no
max design and build quality after
karbonn titanium black 2 is also pretty
good and impressive on the left on the
back side you got a logo of Shaolin and
on the front side below you got three
capacitive buttons it is not on the
screen it is below the screen on the
body of the device it just of a good
thing to lose experience on Android 4.4
KitKat and it also features a 5-inch HD
720 into 1280 pixels display IPS display
it is powered by a 1.4 Peter hug
quad-core octa core MediaTek processor
coupled with 1gb of RAM it is pretty low
the things because in this price segment
you get more ram options available in
the market the handset also supports it
may pixel off rear camera with BSI
sensor and led players apart from 8
megapixel camera and you will get 8gb of
inbuilt storage I apart from this myth
also thing that which is pretty low
storage because if you spend almost
10,000 rupees you will get 16gb variant
available in the market which is for
expandable via microSD card up to 32gb
the currency connectivity options on the
family titanium s2 included 3g gps Wi-Fi
as we see as usual racing in the other
devices and yet it is running on 3d but
there are lots of device from the
disparate segment which already have 4g
please subscribe our channel for more
pranks
you